* In node every file is a module
* Variable and function defined in a file a scope to that module.They are not available outside of that module.


Create and load a module.

Install jshint
install the jshint globally using the following command

 npm install -g jshint


* Core Concept In Node Is Event

An event is basically a signal that indicates that something has happened in our application.

For example,

in Node, we have a class called http that we can use to build

a web server. So we listen on a given port, and

every time we receive a request on that port, that http class

raises an event. Now our job is to respond to that event

which basically involves reading that request and returning

the right response.

Events module.
________________
So in this module, we have one class that is called

EventEmitter. It's one of the core building blocks of

Node, and a lot of classes are based on this Event

Emitter


A listener is a function that will be called

when that event is raised.

So let's register a listener that will be called when the

messageLogged event is raised. So Register

a listener. So emitter.

look here we have addListener, but we have an

alias for this that we use less often, that is on, if you've

worked with jquery you have seen this before. So on or

add lists are exactly the same. But quite often we use the on method.

Now this method takes two arguments. The first one is the name

of the event, in this case messageLogged.

And the second one is a call back function for the actual

listener. So here we pass a function, and this

function will be called when that event is raised, okay?

Now for now, I just want to log a message in the console, so

console, let's say Listener

called like this. Now, let's run

this application. So Node app js,

and we got this message. Listener, called. So this indicates,

that when we raise this event, this

callback function, or listener was called. Now

of course the order is important here, if you register this

listener after calling the emit method, nothing would have

happened. Because when we call the emit method, this emitter

iterates over all the registered listeners and calls them synchronous

okay? So this is the basic of raising

events, and handling them using the EventEmitter class.
